{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Matthew Anderson}
{\*\company Ampersanderson Design Cooperative}
{\*\copyright Matthew Anderson 2010}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Read Me doc for the \'93Lohse\'94 WordPress theme\
\
\
Theme Name: Lohse\
Theme URI: http://blog.ampersanderson.com\
Description: A minimalist and experimental theme honoring the great Swiss designer Richard Paul Lohse\
Version: 1.0\
Author: Matthew Anderson\
Author URI: http://ampersanderson.com\
\
__\
\
PLEASE NOTE:  This theme is experimental in nature. Matthew Anderson does not offer support for the theme or for help posting. For updates and related info on the theme, you may periodically check in at http://blog.ampersanderson.com and view the tag \'93lohse\'94.\
\
__\
\
\
CREATING A POST:\
\
A) Front Page\
\
HEADER: To add a header, length of your title must be short. \
\
(The field under the header populates the excerpt on the inside page. It is not populated through the \'93Excerpt\'94 field.)\
\
ABBREVIATED POST: To create a post, enter your text in the \'93Upload/Insert\'94 field. Because the design of the front page is rigid, only 5 lines of text are allowed per column (aprox. 36 words), with a max of 3 columns, or groups of text. For continuous text, broken into columns, you must add 2 of the following column divider in the input field:\
\
/---/\
\
These dividers may be placed between your 3 groups of text, or, if you have less text, may be placed before your and just after first group.\
\
CAPTIONS: To create a caption, \'93Custom Fields\'94 select \'93:\'94 from the pulldown.\
\
IMAGES: All images must be 1000 x 515 pixels. Only one image per post. Images do not appear on the interior page. Upload with the \'93Featured Image\'94 module. It is important that you select \'93Use as featured image\'94. Do not click \'93Insert into Post\'94.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 B) Internal Page\
\
FULL POST: To add the complete body of text, simply input your copy into the \'93Excerpt\'94 field long form.\
\
QUOTE BLOCK: As noted above, the actual excerpt is populated via the field directly below the header. It is not populated through the \'93Excerpt\'94 field.\
\
__\
\
ABOUT: The About section, in the pulldown, may be edited in the Appearance > Widgets. The title and body may be edited here.\
\
STYLES: Styles, including the height of the pulldown, may be edited in Appearance > Editor\
\
__\
\
Enjoy!\
\
Matthew Anderson\
}